this guy has been blind for many years
suddenly his eyes recovered miraculously
he looked in the mirror and realized
that he was pretty handsome he also felt
that the look of the wife who had taken
care of him all these years was not
worthy of him
his name is james he was blind since he
was a kid fortunately
he has a very happy family his wife
always cares for him and protects him
he also has a very cute obedient son he
works at a real estate agency
his job is very simple customer service
james has always felt satisfied with his
simple life
but deep down he always wants to be able
to see everything again
before he went to bed he always smiled
gently at his wife
the wife also could not understand her
husband's pain when he always hid it in
those gentle but happy smiles
people always believe that if you pray
enough god will be touched and give you
what you want
and his plea was answered that morning
james opened his eyes
surprised to feel the light he was very
shocked everything that appeared in his
eyes gradually became clear
he was finally able to see after so many
years james was so happy that his whole
body trembled when he saw his son's face
for the first time
then he saw his own face too when the
wife arrived james took his wife's hand
happily said that he was able to see her
again then his wife took him to see the
doctor
the doctor also could not believe this
was true his eye recovery was a miracle
james's nerves have indeed recovered
they come home it is like the first time
james learned to walk
he slowly walked step by step on the
grass these are the first steps of his
new life
james sat down on the bed still a bit
unfamiliar with the current situation
his wife sam also quickly put on her
makeup and changed into a beautiful
dress
she took the day off to spend time with
him james has been experiencing the life
of an ordinary person
he walked to school to pick up his son
unknowingly seeing a bruise on his
child's face
he found out that his son was always
bullied at school in the evening
sam took james to a very special place
this is where they first met
many years ago they also danced together
here those moments were deeply embedded
in his memory
sam has always wished james could have a
better life and for her
james's recovery was the happiest thing
he and sam went to the pool
but his attention was not on his wife
james is always distracted by what's
happening around him
he always felt curious about the life of
an ordinary person the life he had
always wanted
he began to care for his own looks at
night when his wife and children were
asleep
james sneaked out to the bar with good
looks james is very easy to seduce the
girls there
james was delighted to enjoy the joys of
life he missed out on but from that
moment he was lost
james went home and removed all the
blind people's equipment and threw them
all away
when he went to work he discovered that
his boss was a very beautiful woman
he noticed her when he smelled that
familiar scent of perfume when james
sees everyone in the conference room in
luxury suits
he wants to be like them too he spent a
lot of his savings to buy himself one
then he also started to exercise james's
life was different now
years of being blind made him try a lot
at work since then
he became more and more successful and
was noticed by many people
one evening james invited his dear blind
friend
bob over to the house to have dinner
james has become a new star at the
company
so
the principle about violence in the
school he even arbitrarily told his son
to skip school to go out with him
james wants his son to move to a better
school but the kid doesn't want everyone
in the family to worry too much about
him
because of their son's education they
also have conflicts
this unintentionally created a distance
between the two during this time
james because of his outstanding
achievements at work was promoted by his
boss as a manager
facing difficulties in the scarcity of
housing he came to his sexy boss to
discuss work
after spending a long day with the hot
female boss james feels very boring
while having dinner with his wife
nor could sam adapt to this high-class
restaurant's ambience at the company
james proposed setting up an advisory
department to encourage people to buy
houses
because of budget shortages all of this
will be james responsibility
that evening at a company party james
realized his feelings for his sex boss
and it seems that she felt the same
thing that night james asked sam
why out of all the people at the prom
that night sam chose a blind man like
him
was it because of pity sam didn't answer
his questions
she knew he had changed sam's silence
made james sure of his thoughts
james has completely lost he divorces
his wife and started a more exciting
life with his boss
james has completely forgotten his
previous life james bought himself a
room near the company to deal with his
work
he took advantage of acquaintances who
were previously blind intending to trick
them into having a large sum of money
james also no longer cared about the
consequences bob is blind
but james cannot deceive him he
understood that james was a bastard
so he immediately stopped james's scam
james suddenly failed
he angrily went to bob's house to
question him bob said he did the right
thing
james under anger has loudly scolded and
threatened their friendship for many
years was ruined like that
james continues his hoax with others
when he woke up at night
he discovered lying next to him was not
the woman he loved and he remembered sam
again
sam after divorce james began to love
her life more she had plenty of time to
take care of her own life
she also has no desire to talk to james
their son also had to go through a very
difficult time
the boy was always sad no longer being
cheerful like he used to be
one day james discovered that his new
wife had an affair james then understood
things and went to find sam
but at that time sam had a new life with
bob and he also lost all capacity to
face them
james is also feeling very scared lately
his eyesight was getting worse and worse
he went to the doctor for an examination
and they did not find anything wrong
james can no longer calm down fearing he
will return to being a useless blind man
in the eyes of others he tried
[Music]
so
thing he is very pitiful but also very
guilty she also cannot forgive james for
what he did to their family
james's last hope was lost he just had
to go into the woods
now the darkness that has covered his
entire past comes again